Snapshot is a filter that caches pages to disk.  Snapshot is different
from your browser's cache in several ways.  Snapshot caches all pages,
including form submissions (only GET, not POST) and pages marked with
dont-cache or expires headers.  Snapshot never checks to see if a page
has changed, and never deletes a page from its cache.

Snapshot is good for offline browsing.  After you browse around to
prime the cache, you can disconnect and feel confident that the pages
you saw online will still be available offline, cached permanently by
Snapshot.  Using a web crawler (such as Websphinx,
http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~rcm/websphinx/) is another way to prime the
cache.

Snapshot has two modes.  In CAPTURING mode, all requests are sent out
to the network, and replies are stored in the cache.  In REPLAYING
mode, Snapshot first checks whether the request URL is found in the
cache, and returns the cached copy if so.  Otherwise, the request is
sent out to the network, and the reply is cached.  Snapshot starts in
CAPTURING mode by default.

Since Snapshot never deletes pages from its cache, it may grow without
bound if you leave Snapshot turned on for all your web browsing.  You
can clear the cache with the Clear Snapshot button.

Suggestions for use:

- store online documentation for offline browsing.  Use a separate
snapshot directory for each web site you want to cache, and create an
automatic configuration triggered by the site's URL that brings up
Snapshot on that directory in replay mode.

- store presentations and demos for offline viewing.  If you give
talks and demos on a laptop, and can't be certain you'll have a
network connection where you'll be talking, you can use Snapshot to
permanently cache the web pages used in your talk.
